In this lesson, you've covered a lot of material.
You've learned about the similarities and
differences between regions and availability zones.
You've also seen how they form the underpinning of fault tolerance in AWS.
Making proper use of these physical assets
allows you to create world-class worldwide platforms.
VPCs and the networking you can create in AWS are closely related.
You've looked at many common aspects of creating independent network segments within AWS,
and how you can connect these segments together.
Now that we've seen the base of high availability in AWS,
we move on to building with
resilience services before we get to considering our business goals.
Then, observability and recoverability